There was a magical piece of land with several pillars owned by Kevin. There were m directed paths connecting n pillars on the same land. There were multiple coins present on each path. Kevin collected all the coins whenever he passes a path. Being a magical piece of land, the coins reappear instantly as soon as Kevin collects all coins on that particular path. More specifically, after Kevin passes a path the i-th time, there reappear i coins less than there were before the pass. This is, if initially there are x coins on a path, then Kevin can collect x coins for the first time, x-1 the second time, x-1-2 coins the third time, and so on. However, the number of coins cannot be negative.

For example, let there be 5 coins on a path initially. The number of coins that can be collected from the path is 5, 4, and 2 when Kevin passes by from first to the third time. From the fourth time and later Kevin can't collect any coins from the path (but still can pass it).

Kevin decided to start from the pillar p. How many coins can he collect using only described paths?

Input

The first line contains two integers n and m (1 ≤ n ≤ 106, 0 ≤ m ≤ 106), representing the number of pillars and the number of directed paths in the magical piece of land, respectively.

Each of the following m lines contains three integers x, y, and w (1 ≤ x, y ≤ n, 0 ≤ w ≤ 108), denoting a path that leads from pillar x to pillar y with w coins initially. There can be paths that lead from a pillar to itself, and multiple paths between the same pair of pillars.

The last line contains a single integer p (1 ≤ p ≤ n) — the starting position of Kevin.

Output

Print an integer denoting the maximum number of coins Kevin can collect during his route.

Examples

Sample Input-1

2 2

1 2 4

2 1 4

1

Sample Output-1

16

Sample Input-2

3 3

1 2 4

2 3 3

1 3 8

1

Sample Output-2

8

Explanation

In the first sample Kevin can pass three times on the circle and collect 4 + 4 + 3 + 3 + 1 + 1 = 16 coins. After that there will be no coins for Kevin to collect.

In the second sample, Kevin can go to pillar 3 and collect 8 coins on the path from pillar 1 to pillar 3.